4.19.2 release (#485)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/releasenotes/about.rst

What's New in |release|
=======================

Apache CloudStack |release| is a 4.19 LTS minor release with over 170 fixes
and improvements including prior releases this tallies up to over 480 since
the 4.19.0.0 release. Some of the highlights include:

> * Numerous fixes for UI and API behavious
> * Project access controll fixes
> * Network improvements for the various kinds of networks

Author: ```suggestion
* Numerous fixes for UI and API behaviours
* Project access control fixes
* Network improvements for the various kinds of networks
```
